tikv: update cdc config (#5780)
pingcap/docs: tikv-configuration-file.md

+ The interval at which Resolved TS is calculated and forwarded.
+ Default value: `"1s"`

### `old-value-cache-memory-quota`

> + The upper limit of memory usage by TiCDC old values cached in memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The upper limit of memory usage by TiCDC old values.
```

> + The upper limit of memory occupied by TiCDC old values cached in memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The upper limit of memory usage by TiCDC old values cached in memory.
```

+ Default value: `512MB`

### `sink-memory-quota`

> + The upper limit of memory usage by TiCDC data change events cached in memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The upper limit of memory usage by TiCDC data change events.
```

> + The upper limit of memory occupied by TiCDC data change events cached in memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The upper limit of memory usage by TiCDC data change events cached in memory.
```

+ Default value: `512MB`

### `incremental-scan-speed-limit`

+ The maximum speed at which historical data is incrementally scanned.
+ Default value: `"128MB"`, which means 128 MB per second.

### `incremental-scan-threads`

> + The number of threads for historical data tasks is incrementally scanned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The number of threads for the task of incrementally scanning historical data.
```

+ Default value: `4`, which means 4 threads.

### `incremental-scan-concurrency`

> + The maximum number of concurrent execution for  historical data tasks is incrementally scanned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The maximum number of concurrent executions for the tasks of incrementally scanning historical data.
```

+ Default value: `6`, which means 6 tasks can be concurrent executed at most.

> + Note: `incremental-scan-concurrency` needs to be greater than or equal to `incremental-scan-threads`, otherwise TiKV will report an error when enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Note: The value of `incremental-scan-concurrency` must be greater than or equal to that of `incremental-scan-threads`; otherwise, TiKV will report an error at startup.
```
